README.md, before:

# Sekurŝranko

![Icon](safe.png)

[![CircleCI][circle-ci-badge]][circle-ci]

An efficient and memory-safe Threema Safe server implementation
written in Rust.

This is a private project, not developed nor endorsed by Threema GmbH.

The server spec can be found in the [Cryptography
Whitepaper](https://threema.ch/press-files/2_documentation/cryptography_whitepaper.pdf).


## Features

The following features are implemented:

- [x] Request config
- [x] Download backups
- [x] Upload backups
- [x] Delete backups
- [x] Settings configurable by user
- [x] User agent validation

To be implemented:

- [ ] Automatic cleanup of expired backups

The following feature is out of scope and should be handled by another server
component (e.g. Nginx):

- [ ] Throttling


## Running

You can either build Sekurŝranko yourself, or use the [provided Docker
image](https://hub.docker.com/r/dbrgn/sekursranko):

    docker run \
        -v /sekursranko:/tmp/sekursranko \
        -p 3000:3000 \
        dbrgn/sekursranko:master

The image should be re-built on every push, as well as every week.

Note that I do not offer any guarantees for this published image. It's purely
provided for convenience. For critical setups, build the image yourself.


## Building

To make a release build:

    cargo build --release

You will find the binary at `target/release/sekursranko`.


## Testing

Sekurŝranko is thoroughly covered by unit tests and integration tests.

To run the tests:

    cargo test

In case you want to enable logging:

    RUST_LOG=sekursranko=trace cargo test

To run linting:

    rustup component add clippy
    cargo clippy --all-targets --all-features


## Running

Simply execute the binary with the `-c` or `--config` argument:

    ./sekursranko --config config.toml

You can find an example configfile in this repository at `config.example.toml`.

Configure logging using the `RUST_LOG` env var:

    RUST_LOG=sekursranko=debug ./sekursranko -c config.toml


## Deployment

Sekurŝranko is meant to be run behind a reverse proxy (e.g. Nginx) that does
TLS termination. That's why it currently doesn't support TLS directly.

Note that you cannot backup to a server without TLS from the Threema app.

In case you want to run Sekurŝranko in a Docker container: A Docker image is
provided in the source repository.


## Name

The name of this project is the Esperanto word for "safe". English-speaking
people might recognize the "sekur-" prefix (-> secure), and German-speaking
people might recognize the "-ŝranko" suffix (-> "Schrank", a cabinet).


## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or
   http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) at your option.

**Contributing**

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall
be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

<!-- Badges -->
[circle-ci]: https://circleci.com/gh/dbrgn/sekursranko/tree/master
[circle-ci-badge]: https://circleci.com/gh/dbrgn/sekursranko/tree/master.svg?style=shield

Commit message:

Docker: Use fixed UID/GID

README.md, after:

# Sekurŝranko

![Icon](safe.png)

[![CircleCI][circle-ci-badge]][circle-ci]

An efficient and memory-safe Threema Safe server implementation
written in Rust.

This is a private project, not developed nor endorsed by Threema GmbH.

The server spec can be found in the [Cryptography
Whitepaper](https://threema.ch/press-files/2_documentation/cryptography_whitepaper.pdf).


## Features

The following features are implemented:

- [x] Request config
- [x] Download backups
- [x] Upload backups
- [x] Delete backups
- [x] Settings configurable by user
- [x] User agent validation

To be implemented:

- [ ] Automatic cleanup of expired backups

The following feature is out of scope and should be handled by another server
component (e.g. Nginx):

- [ ] Throttling


## Running

You can either build Sekurŝranko yourself, or use the [provided Docker
image](https://hub.docker.com/r/dbrgn/sekursranko):

    docker run \
        -v /sekursranko:/tmp/sekursranko \
        -p 3000:3000 \
        dbrgn/sekursranko:master

The image should be re-built on every push, as well as every week.

Note: The UID/GID of the user within the Docker image is fixed to 1337.

Note that I do not offer any guarantees for this published image. It's purely
provided for convenience. For critical setups, build the image yourself.


## Building

To make a release build:

    cargo build --release

You will find the binary at `target/release/sekursranko`.


## Testing

Sekurŝranko is thoroughly covered by unit tests and integration tests.

To run the tests:

    cargo test

In case you want to enable logging:

    RUST_LOG=sekursranko=trace cargo test

To run linting:

    rustup component add clippy
    cargo clippy --all-targets --all-features


## Running

Simply execute the binary with the `-c` or `--config` argument:

    ./sekursranko --config config.toml

You can find an example configfile in this repository at `config.example.toml`.

Configure logging using the `RUST_LOG` env var:

    RUST_LOG=sekursranko=debug ./sekursranko -c config.toml


## Deployment

Sekurŝranko is meant to be run behind a reverse proxy (e.g. Nginx) that does
TLS termination. That's why it currently doesn't support TLS directly.

Note that you cannot backup to a server without TLS from the Threema app.

In case you want to run Sekurŝranko in a Docker container: A Docker image is
provided in the source repository.


## Name

The name of this project is the Esperanto word for "safe". English-speaking
people might recognize the "sekur-" prefix (-> secure), and German-speaking
people might recognize the "-ŝranko" suffix (-> "Schrank", a cabinet).


## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or
   http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) at your option.

**Contributing**

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall
be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

<!-- Badges -->
[circle-ci]: https://circleci.com/gh/dbrgn/sekursranko/tree/master
[circle-ci-badge]: https://circleci.com/gh/dbrgn/sekursranko/tree/master.svg?style=shield
